Kind of like, yes, the things we said we
weren't gonna talk about too much today is
the unique, packaging for every OS.
In Electron Forge,
there is an npm-run package
which will get you 90% of the way there.
Putting in the App Store and getting
the signed certificates through Apple,
that is not any different than
doing it for a native app.
And also very like before I drag everyone
on a Windows computer through how to do it
through the app store,
dropping a $100 in Apple developer thing.
And again, through the Windows store,
that one I will kind of leave as a,
separate process on the actual
productionalizing it,
because that will always be
also a moving target too.
Because Apple changes rules,
Microsoft changes the rules, and
if you wanna be in the app store,
that's obviously different than if you
just wanna sign an app and
put it out there, so on and so forth.
But just npm-run package,
we'll go ahead and create you for
the OS that you are presently on,
that's the other part too.
If you wanna build a Mac, electron app,
you need to run NPM run package on a Mac,
right, if you wanna build it for
Linux, you've got to run it on Linux,
if you wanna build on windows,
you have to build it on windows.
I will say that you are like one
Google search away from a 10
line GitHub action script that says with
a matrix of Mac, Linux, and Windows,
npm-run publish on each of those and
store the asset in there.
There's a really great workshop called
Enterprise UI Development that goes really
into GitHub Actions and how to store
the assets and all that stuff.
So you should just watch that if you
want to figure out how to actually
like bring those two things together.
But generally speaking,
that piece, obviously,
the signing stuff is very much Apple,
Microsoft, what have you, specific.
But the npm-run package will work for
all those things, and
that's why I would highly
recommend using Electron Forge.
Even if you think that you don't need it,
having TypeScript support out of the box,
being able to just plug in
to React Thing very easily,
having the native modules
taken care of for you.
Being able to package it does have support
for like your duty servers that you
are running for the crash reporting,
and or use something like century.
These are like most of those things
don't really differentiate too much
from like how you doing
normally on the web,
it's just that you also get a like Report
crash like method in electron as well.
So those are kind of like a little bit
beyond the like first initial like pass
of getting comfortable and exploring.
Something we can talk about a later
date if we want to, but I think for
the most part, like using Electron Forge
and being mindful that all of
the performance characteristics that
are true in the browser and true in node.
Just because you're using
node in the browser doesn't
like expunge you from either of those,
and just kind of keeping those in mind.
On the other hand, you have a lot of
power and you have the ability to mix and
match these things in like incredibly
interesting ways to build UIs on top of
Node modules or
command line tools that you hate.
You could just orchestrate them and not
have to think about that anymore, like I
like the GitHub App for making commits and
cherry picking and all that stuff.
And it's easier for me than getting
the Shah and remembering the syntax and
like rebasing and Vim and all those kinds
of things that don't want to anymore.
And we're not going to Awesome,
thank you so much.
And have fun building cool stuff right on.
>> [APPLAUSE]